What kind of people are you gonna work with in our navy? In our department
of defense, you're gonna work with every okay, um, President Johnson
integrated the navy. Good. Um, in place, everyone in navy. That's
not a problem. It's your responsibility to work with every man and
woman. That's society. And and you took it both of office to defend.
The Constitution says America you don't get to choose you're going
to work for at both is your goes to work for and with everyone that
is on your unit on your so you gonna run across the gamut. This is
why it's always good to Okay, we won't get old leadership movies wise.
Why is the captain do it that way in the Indies? Reagan Lady, you've
got to understand. You know I don't want to do that. Is to return
to look into understand, okay?